# covid19game_hackcyprus2020

Nowadays we are all have come against with some of our biggest fears. 
The fear of lacking freedom, the fear of getting the virus, the fear of 
losing our most loved persons. Why let these fears define us? Why not 
find a solution to fight them? That is what we are trying to do. We are 
trying to help you live your usual everyday life without having to move 
out the house, being afraid of everything and everybody. We want to help 
you interact with your friends, family, even your favourite cashier at 
the supermarket and at the same time be safe. 

The beautiful island of Cyprus has been isolated since the coronavirus 
cases appeared and strict orders to remain home and be safe were given 
and is a MUST to be followed. Many people miss their everyday 
interactions with their colleagues, friends, family, shop workers etc. 
We all know how difficult isolation is but at the same time how 
important it is for our life. So how can we keep interacting with our 
people without being afraid for our life?

Sure there are a lot of social media and smartphones for communicating 
with them, websites to make our online purchases, music and video 
platforms to keep us entertained, online gym instructors to keep us on 
shape. But do we really enjoy our life through these?

We came up with the idea of why not put all these things together in 
a general platform  where not only people will be available to have 
access to those but also make that access through a game in which they 
can enjoy all the fun parts that technology offers while being together 
and having a more enjoyable interaction.

So what we did is create a 3D game (prototype) in which each person can 
move around Covida-Life environment and enjoy all the everyday fun 
things he would do in his everyday normal life. Currently the game has 
only 3 facilities: shops, where you can make your online purchases 
through different online shops, information center, where you could get 
informed about the virus from TRUSTED web sources and not being a victim 
of misinformation and entertainment center, where you and your friends 
can dance, enjoy whatever music you would like and even get something to 
drink.

The project was 5GB and could not be uploaded on GitHub which has a maximum 
upload permission of 100MB. So, after communication in Slack I was told
to share with you a Google Drive link in order to have access to it. The 
link to the project: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1s00gEq0NvILRrcPYRVI-AkxtfmX-SDJJ 